Add doc for managing log Ingestion by using annotations (#547)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart: docs/advanced-configuration.md

    index: ""
```

### Managing Log Ingestion by Using Annotations

Manage Splunk OTel Collector Logging with these supported annotations.

* Use `splunk.com/index` annotation on pod and/or namespace to tell which Splunk platform indexes to ingest to. Pod annotation will take precedence over namespace annotation when both are annotated.

>   ex) `kubectl annotate namespace kube-system splunk.com/index=k8s_events`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, the following command will make logs from `kube-system` namespace to be sent to `k8s_events` index: `kubectl annotate namespace kube-system splunk.com/index=k8s_events`
```
?

* Filter logs using pod and/or namespace annotation

>   * If `logsCollection.containers.useSplunkIncludeAnnotation` is `false` (default: false), set `splunk.com/exclude` annotation to `true` on pod and/or namespace to exclude its logs from ingested to your Splunk platform deployment.
>   * If `logsCollection.containers.useSplunkIncludeAnnotation` is `true` (default: false), set `splunk.com/include` annotation to `true` on pod and/or namespace to only include its logs from ingested to your Splunk platform deployment. All other logs will be ignored.

Reviewer: It's applicable to both Splunk Platform and Splunk o11y
```suggestion
  * If `logsCollection.containers.useSplunkIncludeAnnotation` is `false` (default: false), set `splunk.com/exclude` annotation to `true` on pod and/or namespace to exclude its logs from ingested.
  * If `logsCollection.containers.useSplunkIncludeAnnotation` is `true` (default: false), set `splunk.com/include` annotation to `true` on pod and/or namespace to only include its logs from ingested. All other logs will be ignored.
```
